REQUIREMENTS :
1. Create Customer Registration form which will accept following attributes for the customer :
customer name (min 10 characters, max 100), age (>18), email (valid email), mobile number (equal to 10 digits), Salary (greater than >0), gender (Male | Female),  userName, password, confirm Password. 
1.1 Customer Id should be generated using Customer Sequence.
1.2 Should be accessible anonymously
1.3 Both passwords should match and should be between 8 to 15 characters.

2. Create a User Administration page which displays list of users and helps is maintaining user details through dialog boxes for add / update and delete.  Similar to the sample discussed during theory.  Properties of User will include :
2.1 User class would include attributes Customer Id if user is of role Customer.
2.2 If user not customer then User's name, username, password  and Email should be entered by Admin while creating user.
2.3 Customer Id should be existing customer Id, if the user has role customer.
2.4 User Id should be generated using User Sequence.
2.5 User Admin Page Should be accessible only by Admin.
2.6 User roles can be Admin, Customer or Branch Manager.

3. Branch Manager should be able to Open (Create) Accounts for a customer(s) after logging in 
3.1 Base Account will have attributes customer Id, account Type (Saving | Commercial | Private), cure balance (float), status (Active | Dormant | Closed).
3.2 Account Id should be generated using Account Sequence.
3.3 Customer Id should be existing customer Id 
3.4 Branch Manager can open multiple account for single customer but of different
3.5 Web Page should allow Manager to create, update status of account(s) for a given account id.
3.6 Commercial account will have additional attributes like Office Address of type (Address), Business Type (Self | Private | Public), Total Revenue in lakhs (float)
3.7 Private Account will have  addition attributes total Wealth (float), Wealth unit (Lakhs | Crores) 

4. Allow Customer to perform following Transactions on their account(s) after loggin in : 
4.1 Transaction will have attrbutes auto generated transaction id, account id, transaction type (Credit | Debit), transaction amount (float) and time of transaction should be curent time.
4.2 Account id should belong to the customer.
4.3 Display current balance on screen.
4.5 If the transaction is Credit then add transaction amount to current balance.
4.6 If the transaction is Debit then subtract transaction amount from current balance.
4.7 Customer should be able to view list of transactions for all accounts or a specific account in a page which displays a table with columns transactin id, Account id, Account Type, date of Transaction, amount of Transaction, and transaction type.

5. Crate a Login page and allow user perform only actions as per the roles of logged in user. And provide a Logout.





https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLtI_sashW0